Animusic 2 was released in October 2005. 
Stick Figures: A Virtual Concert was released on July 23, 2000. 
The track Victory over Urgency was originally titled Tyranny of Urgency on the 2014 backer-exclusive copy of The Sound of 12.
The track Trimensional Battle was titled Dimensional Battles on the 2014 backer-exclusive copy of The Sound of 12 - however the digital artwork for that track is labeled Worlds & Swords, indicating an even earlier title.
Acoustic Curves was the first track to be written and completed with the purpose of being on the video album Animusic.
Fruitful Vision is the single longest composition released by Wayne Lytle at 6:56, with Harmonic Voltage being the longest Animusic track at 6:48.
Animusic created two custom animations for the DVD release Device. Voice. Drum. by legendary progressive rock band Kansas in 2002. Impressed with the final product, the band decided to use a frame from the animation as the album artwork.
The harp from Aqua Harp has twenty-six strings.
The Japanese release of Animusic 2 was distributed by Jorudan, a company mostly known for their video games and transportation services.
Wayne Lytle was awarded $25,000 as a prize by IBM for his first MIDI-driven animation, More Bells & Whistles.
Aqua Harp, Drum Machine, & Harmonic Voltage were featured as high-bitrate standard-definition bonus features on Animusic HD.
The stage construction bonus feature for Future Retro features an early version of Pogo Sticks as its backing music.
Future Retro, Stick Figures, Seventh Alloy, A Slight Delay, The Harvester and Harmonic Voltage were written for inclusion on a potential MIDI-driven audio album. The project was shelved as development on Animusic-related projects ramped up, and the tracks were resurrected for use on either the Animusic DVD or audio CD.
In the Animusic 1 director’s commentary, Wayne Lytle mentions Gear World to be a working title for Drum Machine.
Glarpedge was the first track from The Sound of 12 to be released as an early mix on SoundCloud.
Cathedral Pictures was originally created as a licensed high-definition demo for Hewlett-Packard projectors.
In the Animusic 2 director’s commentary, Wayne Lytle attributes the soundtrack to the videogame series Ratchet & Clank as a heavy inspiration for the music of Fiber Bundles.
Beyond the Walls was the first music animation released under the Animusic company name.
The album artwork for The Sound of 12 was procedurally generated by Dave Crognale in a program called Apophysis 7X.
An original concept for Resonant Chamber had each window revealing a different sky. This was deemed too surreal in the end.
The Victor Hartmann painting The Great Gate of Kiev is featured on the resonant heads of the bass drums in Cathedral Pictures.
Digital artist Eric Shauvin was hired to create the sky graphics in Pogo Sticks and Heavy Light.
The stage construction bonus feature for Acoustic Curves features A Slight Delay, a bonus song from the Animusic 1 audio album, as its backing music.
Animusic's popularity was significantly boosted by a widespread chain email hoax claiming that Pipe Dream was a real contraption fabricated by students in Iowa.
The original company name of Animusic was Virtual Music.
Future Retro and Pipe Dream are tied for the most hard camera cuts in Animusic 1 at sixteen hard cuts.
Drum Machine is the only Animusic animation to be composed of a single camera shot.
The Special Edition of Animusic 1 was released on April 27, 2004.
Animusic's total DVD sales topped 800,000 worldwide.